remove highly from highly recommend (#3437)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/connectors/out-of-the-box-connectors/twilio.md

Before you can use the Twilio Connector, create a Twilio account and obtain an account SID and auth token from the [Twilio Console](https://www.twilio.com/console). You will also need to have a phone number to use as the sender for your SMS messages.

:::note

> We recommend using Camunda secrets to store your account SID and auth token so you don't expose sensitive information directly from the process. See [managing secrets](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/user-guide/process-engine/secrets/) to learn more.

Author: Aaaaaand another one.

Reviewer: Similar comment here:

```suggestion
Use Camunda secrets to store your account SID and auth token so you don't expose sensitive information directly from the process. See [managing secrets](https://docs.camunda.org/manual/latest/user-guide/process-engine/secrets/) to learn more.
```

Avoids "recommend" or "recommended" and is the implied recommendation.

Author: Agreed 👍 I'll need to create a separate issue to ensure we link to the secrets content consistently, rather than several different links.
